update spend allocation pricing page (#6660)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/quotas/spend-allocation.mdx

To get started with Spend Allocation, look at your total reserved volume and decide how much of it you'd like to allocate to the projects you want monitored. For example, if your total reserved volume is 1M events, and you have two important projects, you can decide to allocate 300K events to project 1, 250k events to project 2, and leave the remaining unallocated pool of 450k events for all other projects.

For each project, you'll need to specify how much of your allocation goes to errors, to transactions, and to attachments. If your projects consume more than the limit you've set, overage volume will first come from your unallocated event pool, then from your on-demand budget if you've set one.

> <Note>
> With spend allocation, excess event consumption may come from your <a class href=“/product/accounts/pricing/#on-demand-capacity/”>on-demand budget</a>, <b>even if you still have reserved volume available.</b>
> </Note>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
<Note>
With spend allocation, excess event consumption may come from your <a class href="https://docs.sentry.io/product/accounts/pricing/#on-demand-capacity">on-demand budget</a>, <b>even if you still have reserved volume available.</b>
</Note>

```

> With spend allocation, excess event consumption may come from your <a class href=“https://docs.sentry.io/product/accounts/pricing/#on-demand-capacity”>on-demand budget</a>, <b>even if you still have reserved volume available</b>.
> </Note>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
With spend allocation, excess event consumption may come from your <a class href=“/product/accounts/pricing/#on-demand-capacity/”>on-demand budget</a>, <b>even if you still have reserved volume available.</b>
</Note>

```

> For each project, you'll need to specify how much of your allocation goes to errors, to transactions, and to attachments.

Author: ```suggestion
For each project, you'll need to specify how much of your allocation goes to errors, to transactions, and to attachments. If your projects consume more than the limit you've set, overage volume will first come from your unallocated event pool, then from your on-demand budget if you've set one.
```

If your projects consume more than the limit you've set, overage volume will first come from your unallocated event pool, then from your on-demand budget if you've set one.

<Note>

> With spend allocation, excess event consumption may come from your [on-demand budget](/product/accounts/pricing/#on-demand-capacity) even if you still have reserved volume available.

Author: ```suggestion
With spend allocation, excess event consumption may come from your [on-demand budget](/product/accounts/pricing/#on-demand-capacity/) **even if you still have reserved volume available**.
```

> If your projects consume more than the limit you've set, overage volume will first come from your unallocated event pool, then from your on-demand budget if you've set one.
> 
> <Note>
> With spend allocation, excess event consumption may come from your [on-demand budget](/product/accounts/pricing/#on-demand-capacity/) **even if you still have reserved volume available**.
> </Note>

Author: ```suggestion

<Note>
With spend allocation, excess event consumption may come from your <a class href=“https://docs.sentry.io/product/accounts/pricing/#on-demand-capacity”>on-demand budget</a>, <b>even if you still have reserved volume available</b>.
</Note>
```
